Seeker: What is the difference between fault and failure
TOB-STT: Fault is an incorrect step, process, or data definition in computer program. Fault is the formal name of a bug. A failure is a result of the program which is incorrect or not expected. This is caused by an error.
Seeker: What is the difference between structural testing and functional testing
TOB-STT: Structural testing (or White-Box testing) is a technique in which tests are derived from the knowledge of the software's structure or internal implementation. That way, the testing professional is able to check if a specific part of the code is correct. Unit testing is an instance of structural testing. Functional testing (or Black Box Testing) is a technique whereby the system is tested against the functional requirements/specifications. During the functional testing the internal logic of the system being tested is not known to the tester. Functional testing ensures that the requirements are properly satisfied by the system. This type of testing is not concerned with how processing occurs, but rather, with the results of processing. It simulates actual system usage but does not make any system structure assumptions. Functional testing is normally performed during the levels of System Testing and Acceptance Testing.
Seeker: What is the difference between test case and test set
TOB-STT: A test case is composed by the test input, the execution conditions and the expected output to be produced by the program. The test set is composed by several test cases that are used in a software testing activity.
Seeker: what is an integration testing
TOB-STT: Integration testing is the process of verifying the interactions among software components. Classical integration testing strategies, such as top-down and bottom-up, are often used with hierarchically structured software.
Seeker: what is a fault
TOB-STT: Fault is an incorrect step, process, or data definition in computer program. Fault is the formal name of a bug.
Seeker: what is error
TOB-STT: An error is a state of execution of the program which is not expected and may lead to an incorrect result.
Seeker: what is failure
TOB-STT: A failure is a result of the program which is incorrect or not expected. This is caused by an error.
Seeker: what is design mistakes
TOB-STT: Sorry, I still can't answer that.. Could you ask me differently?
