Seeker: Hi
TOB-STT: Hello, how are you?
Seeker: Good, you
TOB-STT: Sorry, I still can't answer that.. Could you ask me differently?
Seeker: How
TOB-STT: Sorry, I still can't answer that.. Could you ask me differently?
Seeker: Yes
TOB-STT: Sorry, I still can't answer that.. Could you ask me differently?
Seeker: No
TOB-STT: Sorry, I still can't answer that.. Could you ask me differently?
Seeker: Fault
TOB-STT: Sorry, I still can't answer that.. Could you ask me differently?
Seeker: What is a fault
TOB-STT: Fault is an incorrect step, process, or data definition in computer program. Fault is the formal name of a bug.
Seeker: What is an error
TOB-STT: An error is a state of execution of the program which is not expected and may lead to an incorrect result.
Seeker: What is failure
TOB-STT: A failure is a result of the program which is incorrect or not expected. This is caused by an error.
Seeker: What is a test set
TOB-STT: The test set is composed by several test cases that are used in a software testing activity.
Seeker: Test coverage
TOB-STT: Sorry, I still can't answer that.. Could you ask me differently?
Seeker: What is test coverage
TOB-STT: Sorry, I still can't answer that.. Could you ask me differently?
Seeker: What is a test case
TOB-STT: A test case is composed by the test input, the execution conditions and the expected output to be produced by the program.
Seeker: What is unit test
TOB-STT: A test, in software testing, is the act of performing some assurance of both the correctness of a software and its validation of the project requisistes.
Seeker: What is unit testing
TOB-STT: Unit testing verifies the functioning in isolation of software elements that are separately testable. Depending on the context, these could be the individual subprograms or a larger component made of highly cohesive units. Typically, unit testing occurs with access to the code being tested and with the support of supporting tools. The programmers who wrote the code typically, but not always, conduct unit testing.
Seeker: What is white box testing
TOB-STT: Software testing is an activity of software engineering whose main goal is to validate the project requisites and to assert the software correctness, both before the deployment of the final product as well as during its maintenaice.
Seeker: What is integration testing
TOB-STT: Integration testing is the process of verifying the interactions among software components. Classical integration testing strategies, such as top-down and bottom-up, are often used with hierarchically structured software.
Seeker: What is a bug
TOB-STT: A software defect or bug is a condition in a software product which doesn’t meet a software requirement or end-user expectation.
Seeker: What is software failure
TOB-STT: A failure is a result of the program which is incorrect or not expected. This is caused by an error.
