Seeker: TOB_STT iniciar conversa
TOB-STT: Hi there! What's your name?
Seeker: Dela
TOB-STT: Hello Dela ! Can you tell me your Numero USP?
Seeker: No
TOB-STT: Yikes!
Seeker: Can you?
TOB-STT: I don't know how to respond this
Seeker: what is test?
TOB-STT: What is it to you?
Seeker: I do not know
TOB-STT: It was a rhetorical question.
Seeker: so, what is test?
TOB-STT: Hi there!
Seeker: Hi
TOB-STT: Hi there!
Seeker: What is a fault?
TOB-STT: Fault is an incorrect step, process, or data definition in computer program. Fault is the formal name of a bug.
Seeker: what is a fault?
TOB-STT: Fault is an incorrect step, process, or data definition in computer program. Fault is the formal name of a bug.
Seeker: what is not a fault?
TOB-STT: I have to process that one for a while.
Seeker: what is not a fault?
TOB-STT: I don't know anything about not a fault.
Seeker: what a fault is not?
TOB-STT: What is it to you?
Seeker: what is a test?
TOB-STT: That's a good question.
Seeker: what is a defect?
TOB-STT: I'll come back to that later.
Seeker: what is an error?
TOB-STT: An error is a state of execution of the program which is not expected and may lead to an incorrect result.
Seeker: what is a bug?
TOB-STT: What is it to you?
Seeker: a fault
TOB-STT: I don't know how to respond this
Seeker: which functional criteria do you know?
TOB-STT: That's a good question.
Seeker: what is functional test?
TOB-STT: I will search for it.
Seeker: what is functional testing?
TOB-STT: Functional testing (or Black Box Testing) is a technique whereby the system is tested against the functional requirements/specifications. During the functional testing the internal logic of the system being tested is not known to the tester. Functional testing ensures that the requirements are properly satisfied by the system. This type of testing is not concerned with how processing occurs, but rather, with the results of processing. It simulates actual system usage but does not make any system structure assumptions. Functional testing is normally performed during the levels of System Testing and Acceptance Testing.
Seeker: what is system testing?
TOB-STT: System testing is a level of software testing where a complete and integrated software is tested. The purpose of this test is to evaluate the system’s compliance with the specified requirements.
Seeker: what is testing requirements?
TOB-STT: Searching...Searching...Please stand by.
Seeker: who is testing?
TOB-STT: I have to think about that one for a while.
Seeker: what is testing?
TOB-STT: I haven't heard of testing.
Seeker: what is test?
TOB-STT: Maybe my undefined knows the answer.
Seeker: what is structural testing?
TOB-STT: Structural testing (or White-Box testing) is a technique in which tests are derived from the knowledge of the software's structure or internal implementation. That way, the testing professional is able to check if a specific part of the code is correct. Unit testing is an instance of structural testing.
Seeker: what is mutation testing?
TOB-STT: Do a web search for it.
Seeker: what is fault based testing?
TOB-STT: You tell me.
Seeker: what else do you know?
TOB-STT: I don't know how to respond this
Seeker: which test criteria do you know?
TOB-STT: I can ask my undefined.
Seeker: bye
TOB-STT: Bye.
Seeker: what i stesting?
TOB-STT: Interesting gossip.
Seeker: what is testing?
TOB-STT: I would look into the web for that knowledge.
Seeker: what is fault?
TOB-STT: Fault is an incorrect step, process, or data definition in computer program. Fault is the formal name of a bug.
Seeker: what is bug?
TOB-STT: I can ask my undefined.
